[framework] data object properties review (#787)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/introduction/entities.md

}
```

### Recommendations for data object properties

#### Scalars

Scalars are the most typical properties in data objects.
You usually don't have a default value for a scalar field, so your phpdoc will usually look like `string|null`, `int|null`, `float|null`.

If you need to transfer boolean data, we recommend using `bool` with a default value in the constructor (`true`/`false`) because `false` and `null` behaves similarly in php.

#### Arrays

If you need to transfer arrays, use phpdoc `string[]`, `int[]`, `float[]`, `bool[]` and initialize an empty array in the constructor.

If you care about array keys, use a name of the key in the property name in form `propertyByKey`. Eg. [`TransportData::$pricesByCurrencyId`](/packages/framework/src/Model/Transport/TransportData.php).

#### Unknown types

We don't recommend to use `mixed` or `array` phpdoc as they aren't expressive.

> The only exception in the framework is `$pluginData` in `CategoryData` and `ProductData`. The phpdoc is `array` in this case because plugins can contain any type.

Reviewer: what about `in the Framework`

Author: we use small `framework` in this whole document, so I would keep it as it is

If you need to transfer a collection of entities, use phpdoc `entity[]` and initialize the array in the constructor, eg. `\Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Model\Payment\Payment[]` in [`TransportData::$payments`](/packages/framework/src/Model/Transport/TransportData.php).

#### Images

To transfer images via the system, use phpdoc `\Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\FileUpload\ImageUploadData` and initialize the field in the constructor as you can see in `BrandData` example above.

#### URL addresses

To transfer URL addresses via the system, use phpdoc `\Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\UrlListData` and initialize the field in the constructor as you can see in `BrandData` example above.

#### Multidomain

[Multidomain property](/docs/introduction/domain-multidomain-multilanguage.md#multidomain-attribute) is an array and have to be indexed by `domainId` - integer ID of the given domain, eg. `seoH1s` in `BrandData` example above.
Data factory has to prepare this array to contain keys for all domain IDs because domain entities are created by these array items (even if their value is null).

> Therefore the multidomain field have phpdoc `string[]|null[]` or `int[]|null[]`.

Reviewer: `field has phpdoc` or `field contains phpdoc`

#### Multidomain

[Multidomain property](/docs/introduction/domain-multidomain-multilanguage.md#multidomain-attribute) is an array and has to be indexed by `domainId` - an integer ID of the given domain.
An example of such property is a `seoH1s` in the `BrandData` example above.
Data factory has to prepare this array to contain keys for all domain IDs because domain entities are created by these array items (even if their value is null).

Therefore the multidomain field has phpdoc `string[]|null[]` or `int[]|null[]`.
For boolean multidomain properties, we recommend using default value filled in the factory and phpdoc `bool[]` only, eg. property [`TransportData::$enabled`](/packages/framework/src/Model/Transport/TransportData.php).

#### Multilanguage

[Multilanguage property](/docs/introduction/domain-multidomain-multilanguage.md#multilanguage-attribute) is an array and has to be indexed by `locale` - a string identifier of language (you can find them in [`domains.yml`](/project-base/app/config/domains.yml)).
An example of such property is a `descriptions` in the `BrandData` example above.

> Data factory has to prepare this array to contain keys for all locales because translation entities are created by these array items (even if their value is null).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data factory has to create items in this array for each locale, otherwise translation entities would not be created correctly (the translation entities should exist for each locale, even with null values).
```
